pd-ctl: add scheduler config evict-leader-scheduler (#4371)
pingcap/docs: pd-control.md

>> scheduler show                                 // Display all schedulers

> >> scheduler add grant-leader-scheduler 1         // Schedule all the leaders of the regions on store 1 to store 1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>> scheduler add grant-leader-scheduler 1         // Schedule all the leaders of the Regions on store 1 to store 1
```

> >> scheduler add evict-leader-scheduler 1         // Move all the region leaders on store 1 out

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>> scheduler add evict-leader-scheduler 1         // Move all the Region leaders on store 1 out
```

> >> scheduler config evict-leader-scheduler        // Display all the stores where this scheduler is located since v4.0.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>> scheduler config evict-leader-scheduler        // Display the stores in which the scheduler is located since v4.0.0
```
